---
layout: post
permalink: /post/98509933580/week-notes-27-sept-2014
title: "Week notes - 27 Sept 2014 "
date: "2014-09-27 3:12:26+0000"
categories: "weeknotes"
---
Time for another update


I continue to struggle to find a good rhythm post-summer. On the one hand I&rsquo;m enjoying the signs of autumn, on the other though it&rsquo;s hard not to slip into a bit of malaise.


- the best news is that we&rsquo;ve found a good solution for someone to look after our son two afternoons a week, which makes life much more straight-forward. She&rsquo;s Austrian, so we&rsquo;ll have to work out how to fix his accent later, but so far it&rsquo;s working great. (Keine Angst liebe österreichische Leser - ein kleiner Witz darf auch mal sein).


- All of us, parents and child, continue the adjustment process of &ldquo;going to school&rdquo; every day. I can&rsquo;t help but think there is a logic to every other northern European country&rsquo;s decision to stat schooling at a later age. 


- I must admit I was a bit disappointed that Scotland didn&rsquo;t vote for independence, but then again, given that I&rsquo;ve only been there twice in my life, it&rsquo;s probably better that they made their own choice.


- had an enjoyable evening at #geomob, especially the post-event pub discussions.


- going back and forth on whether to get out of bitcoin or stay in.


- followed the election in Thüringen. Huge congrats to my ex-flatmate Roberto who has made it into state parliament for the Greens! Hopefully we&rsquo;ll someday get the CDU-Grün Koalition I&rsquo;ve wanted for years (note nur CDU nicht CDU/CSU). 


- enjoyable evening at #futurepub, hope to cover that in a separate post. 


- spoke at #LondonAPI (<a href="http://www.slideshare.net/lokku/presenting-the-opencage-geocoder-at-londonapi-17-sept-2014">my slides</a>) and #APIconUK (<a href="http://www.slideshare.net/lokku/opencage-data-and-sustainable-business-models-for-open-data">slides</a>). Interesting because I had two talks to give about roughly the same topic but one was only 5 minutes, the other was 50. My main conclusion from these two API events is that it&rsquo;s a very diverse group of people using APIs for all kinds of different things. Not clear that a shared forum to discuss is nearly as useful as it is for more niche topics. At APIconUK the best session I attended was about smart cities. Triggered a lot of different ideas, though most of them very fuzzy and unclear at this point. 


- Came across this post on HackerNews about <a href="http://funnybretzel.svbtle.com/datamining-a-flat-in-munich">a guy in my old hometown of Munich trying (and eventually failing) to use software to help him find a place to </a><a href="http://funnybretzel.svbtle.com/datamining-a-flat-in-munich">live</a>. That generated <a href="https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8360390">a good discussion</a>, which confirmed to me my long held impression that when supply and demand are fundamentally out of whack it&rsquo;s hard to add more than superficial value. That&rsquo;s frustrating as I&rsquo;ve sent almost a decade now trying to build a service to improve things.


- encouraged to <a href="http://blog.lokku.com/post/98470978478/farewell-inkling-long-live-showroom">see my friends at Inkling rebrand as Showroom</a>. 


Other than all that, and the reality of day to day work, I&rsquo;m not sure where the time goes, the days pass in bit of a blur. I need to find some new books to read and things to get excited for, to include exercise which I&rsquo;m struggling to get to. 


This Sunday I&rsquo;m back to Bilbao, albeit just for one night for a meeting on Monday. If nothing else, that promises good food.


And that&rsquo;s it for this round of week notes. 
