---
layout: post
permalink: /post/berlin-sommer-2017
title: "Sommer 2017 in Berlin"
date: "2017-03-07 09:32:03+0000"
categories: "berlin, bestsummerever"
---

Three years ago it was our great fortune to 
<a href="/post/96569192005/berlin-and-bestsummerever">spend the summer in 
Berlin</a>. So much so that we've decided to do it again.

Last time we lived in the southern end of Moabit (Westfälischesviertel) right
by the Spree. It was great, the only negative being that our flat didn't have 
internet, which was a major inconvenience. 

So, I'm on the hunt for a flat (or house!) for the four of us. The kids (6, 3) 
are small enough to easily share a room, so two bedrooms would do, though more 
would also gladly work. Ideally from late June until early Sept though some of 
that time we'll go to Thüringen and some other travel.

We don't need anything fancy, the main requirement is child friendliness of the 
neighbourhood. Indeed if anyone has leads on good activities for the Kinder 
that would be very helpful. Easy access to the lakes would be great. 

I'd also be open to considering living in Potsdam as every time I've visited 
has been fantastic. 

Finally, I'd love to meet with anyone doing anything interesting related to 
location based services. If that's you
<a href="https://twitter.com/freyfogle">please get in touch</a>. If anyone has a
spare space in their office they'd like to loan me, I'd be most appreciative.
Otherwise I'll probably work out of a co-working space, so if you have strong
opinions about which is better, please share 



