---
layout: post
permalink: /post/what-i-read-in-2019
title: "What I read in 2019"
date: "2019-12-16 23:41:30+0000"
categories: "reading yearinreview 2019"
---

One of [my 2019 goals](/post/goals-for-2019) was to keep a list of books I read,
and I am pleased to say I managed to keep the list. Two main reasons I wanted 
to do this. Firstly, my main channel for learning about interesting things 
is via personal recommendation, so by publicising my list it makes it 
easy for my friends to see what I liked and disliked. But secondly I 
increasingly rely on my posts here as my own historical record of what I was 
thinking.

So here is how I filled my head this year. 


  * _The New Silk Roads_, Frankopan
  * _Reise zum Mittelpunkt der Erde_, Verne
  * _Never Lost Again_, Kilday
  * _Drohnenland_, Tom Hillenbrand
  * _Company of One_, Paul Jarvis
  * _Habitat_, Peter Cawdron
  * _Fünf Wochen im Ballon_, Verne
  * _Der Spion, der aus der Kälte kam_, John le Carre
  * _A Legacy of Spies_, John le Carre
  * _The Shortest History of Europe_, John Hirst
  * _Shoe Dog_, Phil Knight
  * _Flash Boys_, Michael Lewis
  * _Centennial_, James Mitchner
  * _Aurora_, Kim Stanley Robinson
  * _The Two-Headed Eagle_, John Biggins
  * _Der Kaffeedieb_, Tom Hillenbrand
  * _Band of Brothers_, Alexander Kent
  * _Riddle of the Sands_, Erskine Childers
  * _Texas_, James Mitchner
  * _Agent Running in the Field_, John le Carre
  * _Antarktika_, Kim Stanley Robinson

A bit of history and lots of science fiction and historical fiction, which 
perhaps both are expressions of a desire for escapism against the dreariness 
of modern times. Mitchner is great for helping see a long-term perspective. 
_Centennial_ was a good read, but also excellent for learning about Colorado, 
which is where we usually now go when in the US.

Favorite book of the year was _Aurora_, which stimulated my thinking quite a 
bit. A close second was _Drohnenland_. Indeed Hillenbrand was the discovery of 
the year in terms of "new to me" authors. Look forward to reading 
more from him. In terms of fun, _The Two-Headed Eagle_ won, and next year I 
will try to close out that series.

What should I read in 2020? All suggestions glaldy received. 







