---
layout: post
permalink: /post/week-notes-2019-10
title: "Week Notes 2019.10"
date: "2019-03-11 18:32:09+0000"
categories: "weeknotes 2019"
---

  Last week was quite easily the worst week of the year so far:

  * My wife was away for work, which is very normal, but means everything
  falls to me

  * My son caught a bad cold / fever - one day I had to go pick him up from
  school in the middle of the day, another day he had to stay home. This
  unfortunately meant I have to cancel a few appointments. 

  * By the end of the week he had passed the cold to me, and for whatever reason
  it is hitting me much harder than him. 
  
  * Finally, on Sunday I reached to move a heavy bag and managed to totally
  throw my back out. I have never had an injury like this, and have basically
  spent the days since laying in bed, screaming in agony at the slightest
  motion. Having had the good luck to have lived a very healthy life, this is
  easily the most painful situation I have ever been in. Simultaniously
  recovering from a cold isn't helping things. It seems it will take
  weeks to recover and in the current state don't think I could make my final
  pre-brexit trip to London which is scheduled for next week.

  * In better news, a start-up I am a very minor angel in raised funding.
  A very nice milestone for them, but the unfortunate flip side of the coin
  was that I had to waste about three hours at a notary to sign the documents.
  Frankly it is shameful that Spain did not use the economic crisis as a
  chance to improve such antiquated and expensive processes.

<center>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="de"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Ahh the joy of visiting the notary. Said no one, ever. <a href="https://t.co/Setpu71Frz">pic.twitter.com/Setpu71Frz</a></p>&mdash; Ed Freyfogle (@freyfogle) <a href="https://twitter.com/freyfogle/status/1103970301149437952?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">8. März 2019</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
</center>

Forward, to good health and the future!




