---
layout: post
permalink: /post/week-notes-2019-02
title: "Week Notes 2019.02"
date: "2019-01-13 14:22:34+0000"
categories: "weeknotes 2019"
---


This was the first real week of the year here in Spain, and it was good to get back to work and the normal routine after the long break


  * That said, Monday was still a school holiday, so I spent it with the kids.
  We went hiking and caught a lizard.

<center>
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="de"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Final day of winter break here in Catalonia. We went for a walk and caught a lizard🦎 <a href="https://t.co/h7XRO6AGSj">pic.twitter.com/h7XRO6AGSj</a></p>&mdash; Ed Freyfogle (@freyfogle) <a href="https://twitter.com/freyfogle/status/1082251801435533313?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">7. Januar 2019</a></blockquote>
</center>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

  * I shaved my moustache, which had - if I do say so myself -  become quite
  impressive. I had been growing it since the train trip in July. 

  * Spent some time researching, planning, and booking trip for the coming
  months. Most immediately, this week I am in London for
  [#geomob](https://geomobldn.org/post/jan-16th-2019-geomob-details) (do
  come along), a [GetAgent](http://getagent.co.uk) board meeting, and a few
  other meetings. Ping me if you want to meet up. I'm staying in Clerkenwell.

  * Also on the medium term agenda is a trip to Germany in February. Will
  visit a friend in Hamburg and then ICE it to Berlin for a few days. 

  * In the spirit of getting back in the routine I made it to the gym
  every work day and got in one very good swim. Hoping to do more this week in
  London at Iron Monger Row. 

  * I announced [the first #geomobBCN](https://geomobldn.org/post/jan-30th-2019-geomob-barcelona-details) which will happen on 30th of January. I'm
  really hopeful we can get the scene going here in Barcelona.

  * I had a lunch with start-up founder here in Barcelona. He is deep in the
  slog. Many successes but not yet broken out. In many ways this is the
  hardest stage of the journey. 

  * It has gotten unusually cold here and apparently a blizzard is coming in
  a week or so. 

  * went to a fun jazz guitar concert and then a nice dinner
  
Overall, happy to be back in the routine of work, and looking forward to
London next week and #geomobBCN at the end of the month.



