---
layout: post
permalink: /post/week-notes-2019-08-09
title: "Week Notes 2019.08 and 2019.09"
date: "2019-03-03 21:17:28+0000"
categories: "weeknotes 2019"
---

  * Well. Has been an extremely busy few weeks, which resulted in me not doing
  week notes last week. 
  
  * In better 2019 goals news, you may recall that a few weeks ago I broke my
  pledge to not buy anything new by ordering something from the UK to beet the
  Brexit deadline. Unfortunately the product will be delayed, so I had to
  cancel the order as the manufacturer can not commit to it being shipped
  pre-Brexit, and I refuse to waste a day with Spanish customs. Annoying, but
  the silver lining is I can still truthfully claim to not have bought
  anything new this year.

  * Took a fun trip to Hamburg and then Berlin for a few days. A mix of
  catching up with old friends (by coincidence saw many ex-yahoos from way
  back in the day). Also met with various advisors to set out the plan on
  converting OpenCage into a GmbH. The project is moving forward. Also moving
  forward is the plan to spend July and August in Berlin again as we have did
  in 2014 and 2017. Let me knowif you have a great apartment you want me to
  rent for two months. 

  * Back in Barcelona, we had
  [our first bootstrappers' lunch](/post/bootstrap-saas-lunch).
  Good time, will do it again.

  * Relatedly, was delighted to see that the date for
  [MicroConf Europe](https://www.microconfeurope.com/) has
  been set for October. Will definitely attend and may volunteer to speak.

  * I've been contemplating [how to leave Facebook](/post/replacing-facebook).
  
  * A friend from Germany quit his job and unexpectedly came to visit for
  four days. Was good fun, but destroyed the schedule. Happily though we had
  perfect weather, and I spent the days re-seeing BCN through the eyes of a
  tourist.

  * Am delighted that my frined [Muthu](https://twitter.com/muthukumarceg)
  from Geoawesomeness is organizing the
  [first #geomobMUC on April 11th](https://thegeomob.com/post/apr-11th-2019-geomobmuc-details), though I unfortunately won't be able to attend due to Easter
  break.  
  
  * I'll be in London in mid-March for #geomob. Schedule is still fairly open,
  ping me if you'd like to meet up.

  * all the travel and visitors meant my gym/swim schedule has been fairly
  hit or miss. Am getting back into it this week.



