---
layout: post
permalink: /post/week-notes-2019-01
title: "Week Notes 2019.01"
date: "2019-01-06 18:20:56+0000"
categories: "weeknotes 2019"
---

Today begins my attempt to restart the Week Notes tradition, as alluded to in
[my 2019 goals](/post/goals-for-2019).

I'll try to have them up by Tuesday of the following week. I think the key
is finding a dead simple format, which will probably be bullet points.

  * This was the first week of the year, so the kids are out of school, which
  means I don't get much "work" done. Also only made it to the gym once,
  unfortunately. Did manage to have some fun soccer games with the kids though. 

  * Lots of planning for the year, trying to layout the schedule of major trips

  * Like most people, a bit of reflection on the year to come. This included
  [looking back on my personal 2018 goals](/post/reflections-on-2018-goals),
  [posting my 2019 goals](/post/goals-for-2019), and sending
  out my "state of the business" update to the OpenCage advisory board. 

  * had a nice lunch with a fellow expat in the BCN tech scene.
  
  * New Year's Eve was very low key, though I did have a very nice view of
  the Barcelona fireworks from my terrace.

  * Had a friend over for dinner, and other friends over for a nice lunch.
  Cooked up big meals for both.

  * Made along list of "todos" to dive into as soon as we are back on a normal
  schedule. Here in Spain that means not until the 8th of Jan.


Overall a very slow week with a "_zwischen den Jahren_" feel. It always drags
on a bit longer than you want, which is actually probably needed. 




