---
layout: post
permalink: /post/what-i-read-in-2020
title: "What I read in 2020"
date: "2021-01-03 11:28:32+0000"
categories: "reading yearinreview 2020"
---

Following on
[yesterday's post about the podcasts I enjoyed in 2020](/post/podcasts-i-listened-to-2020), here's my
reading list for the year. Unfortunately I wasn't nearly as disciplined this
year in keeping the list, something I now regret and will rectify in 2021.
For reference here's [the 2019 reading list](/post/what-i-read-in-2019).

Someone on twitter asked how I had time for so many podcasts, the simple
answer is books and podcasts and twitter are basically my only sources of media.
I don't have a TV, and watch only maybe one or two movies a month, I generally
do my best ot to read the news (difficult in 2020, I admit).

So here is how I filled my head in 2020: 

  * _The Emperor's Couloured Coat_, John Biggins
  * _A Sailor of Austria_, John Biggins
  * _Tomorrow the World_, John Biggins
  * _Starship - Verloren im Weltraum_, Brian Aldriss  
  * _Orphans of the Sky_. Robert Heinlein  
  * _Magellan: Der Mann und seine Tat_, Stefan Zweig
  * _The Fatal Shore_, Robert Hughes
  * _Zuhause ist 체berall: Erinnerungen_, Barbara Coudenhove-Kalergi
  * _More from Less_, Andrew McAfee
  * _Rewilding_, Paul Jepson
  * _Obviously Awesome_, April Dunford
  * _Ancillary Justice_, Ann Leckie
  * _The Richest Man in Babylon_, George Clason
  * _The Years of Rice and Salt_, Kim Stanley Robinson
  * _Caribbean_, James Michener
  * _Qube_, Tom Hillenbrand

I also got into audio books, listening to

  * _Who moved my cheese?_ Spencer Johnson, Kenneth Blanchard
  * The first 13 books of [the Audrey-Maturin series](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aubrey%E2%80%93Maturin_series), Patrick O'Brian


"Book" of the year was the John Biggins series. Just excellent escapism in
a year where it was desperately needed. That said, a close second was
_Zuhause ist 체berall_. Taken together I guess this shows I am a true
Mitteleurop채er.

In general lots of history and science fiction. During lockdown I went deep
into the concept of [Generation Ships](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generation_ship), though I have to admit I didn't find either the Heinlein or Aldriss
that great. In terms of which books I think back to most,
_The Years of Rice and Salt_ comes to mind frequently, and Robinson's
_The Ministry of the Future_ is near the top of the list for 2021.
Revisting O'Brian's series (I first red the whole lot about 10 years ago) was
nothing more than an attempt to travel vicariously. 

On a final literary note, I have to say it was a real blow to lose
John le Carre (also in many ways a true Mitteleurop채er).
I just started on a re-read of _Honourable Schoolboy_.

What should I read in 2021? All suggestions gladly received.







